app/vlinsert: support datadog ingestion paths without /insert/datadog path prefix (#1275)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [`/select/logsql/field_values` HTTP endpoint](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-field-values): add support for an optional `filter=substring` query arg, which allows returning only the field values containing the given `substring`. See [#1186](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1186).
* FEATURE: [`/select/logsql/stream_field_names` HTTP endpoint](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-stream-field-names): add support for an optional `filter=substring` query arg, which allows returning only the field names containing the given `substring`. See [#1186](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1186).
* FEATURE: [`/select/logsql/stream_field_values` HTTP endpoint](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-stream-field-values): add support for an optional `filter=substring` query arg, which allows returning only the field values containing the given `substring`. See [#1186](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1186).

> * FEATURE: [Datadog](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/datadog-agent/): support Datadog ingestion paths without `/insert/datadog` path prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [Datadog](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/datadog-agent/): support default Datadog ingestion paths such as `/api/v2/logs` and `/api/v1/validate` in addition to the existing `/insert/datadog/...` paths.
```
